`azurerm_nat_gateway/azurerm_public_ip/azurerm_public_ip_prefix` - support for new SKU `StandardV2` (#31197)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/public_ip.html.markdown

* `ip_version` - (Optional) The IP Version to use, IPv6 or IPv4. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Defaults to `IPv4`.

-> **Note:** Only `Static` IP address allocation is supported for IPv6.

* `public_ip_prefix_id` - (Optional) If specified then public IP address allocated will be provided from the public IP prefix resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `reverse_fqdn` - (Optional) A fully qualified domain name that resolves to this public IP address. If the reverseFqdn is specified, then a PTR DNS record is created pointing from the IP address in the in-addr.arpa domain to the reverse FQDN.

> * `sku` - (Optional) The SKU of the Public IP. Possible values are `Basic`, `Standard`, and `StandardV2`. Defaults to `Standard`. Changing this forces a new Public IP to be created.

Reviewer: We should update this to use the standard wording per the contributor guidelines.

```suggestion
* `sku` - (Optional) The SKU of the Public IP. Possible values are `Basic`, `Standard`, and `StandardV2`. Defaults to `Standard`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

-> **Note:** Public IP Standard SKUs require `allocation_method` to be set to `Static`.

!> **Note:** **On 30 September 2025, `Basic` SKU public IP addresses will be retired in Azure.** You can continue to use your existing `Basic` SKU public IP addresses until then, however, you will no longer be able to create new ones after 31 March 2025. Please see the Azure Update [retirement notification](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/upgrade-to-standard-sku-public-ip-addresses-in-azure-by-30-september-2025-basic-sku-will-be-retired/) for more information.

* `sku_tier` - (Optional) The SKU Tier that should be used for the Public IP. Possible values are `Regional` and `Global`. Defaults to `Regional`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> -> **Note:** When `sku_tier` is set to `Global`, `sku` cannot be `Basic`.

Reviewer 2: updated, When `sku_tier` is set to `Global`, `sku` must be set to `Standard`.

> -> **Note:** When `sku_tier` is set to `Global`, `sku` must be set to `Standard` or `StandardV2`.

Reviewer: Is this correct? I thought the documentation said this had to be `Standard`.

Reviewer 2: By tests, StandardV2 can also set with Global sku_tier. Actually it should be 
-> **Note:** When `sku_tier` is set to `Global`, `sku` cannot be `Basic`

* `reverse_fqdn` - (Optional) A fully qualified domain name that resolves to this public IP address. If the reverseFqdn is specified, then a PTR DNS record is created pointing from the IP address in the in-addr.arpa domain to the reverse FQDN.

> * `sku` - (Optional) The SKU of the Public IP. Possible values are `Basic`, `Standard` and `StandardV2`. Defaults to `Standard`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Updated

-> **Note:** Public IP Standard SKUs require `allocation_method` to be set to `Static`.

> -> **Note:** `Basic` will be deprecated. [Read more](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/updates/upgrade-to-standard-sku-public-ip-addresses-in-azure-by-30-september-2025-basic-sku-will-be-retired/).

Reviewer: Can we update this to be more descriptive?
```suggestion
!> **Note:** **On 30 September 2025, `Basic` SKU public IP addresses will be retired in Azure.** You can continue to use your existing `Basic` SKU public IP addresses until then, however, you'll no longer be able to create new ones after 31 March 2025. Please see the Azure Update [retirement notification](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/upgrade-to-standard-sku-public-ip-addresses-in-azure-by-30-september-2025-basic-sku-will-be-retired/) for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: Hi @WodansSon ,  PR https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/pull/31885 was submitted to block creation of `Basic` sku public IP
